Today, we're going to be running through the latest questions on the agent operating system, how to use it, how to get the most out of it, etc. So, for example, you can see inside my system, we have Hermes Jarvis ready to go. It's a voice-activated version of Hermes. We can build stuff out of it. We can see our history of this. We've also got Hermes Oracle, which basically takes the latest news, for example, like the Fable 5 announcements on Bedrock. And then we can publish blogs straight directly to WordPress. We can draft social media content on it, and we can quickly find the latest news every day, and it's automatically refreshed, right? And so, these sort of updates that are just dropping all the time, and these new systems that we set up, we can just improve this whole agent operating system in one shot, right? Um and every day the system compounds, it improves, it gets better, and it's probably the best and most fun way I've seen to orchestrate agents. We also have a team orchestration section here, where you can link all your agents together. And today, what we're going to be doing is running through the latest questions inside the AI Profit Boardroom that we've got from our community about using agent operating systems, so that I can basically help you answer them. And also, if these people have these questions, if the community has these questions, then you probably have these questions as well, right? So, we're just going to run through the latest ones to see what people have. So, let's have a look. We got a post from Joseph today. He said, "I was skeptical of joining, but Julian's videos and excitement for the AI world and this AI OS had me from months ago. I only just joined a few days ago." And he said, "My advice to anyone on entering this AI world, start with a base, and then step by step build on top of that," which I 100% agree with, right? And so, what he's actually done is built out our agent operating system, as you can see right here, but made it his own. So, he's tweaked it, he's improved it, he's designed it how he wants it. He's got the council over here. He's got open claw, he's got the loop engine, etc., using the systems that we've created. And so, my full agent operating system is inside the AI Profit and basically what he's done is tweak that exactly how he wants and build out his own memory galaxy for Obsidian 2 which looks really really cool. And so I 100% agree with this. Like you don't need to build everything out at once with an agent operating system. Just do it one step at a time, enjoy the journey, realize you're super early, and then you can improve it from there. And I think it's just one step forward at a time. I built the whole thing from scratch and when I built it I didn't know it would evolve into this amazing system but it's just something that you get your your head around. You you grow your skills with building it and I do think it's a skill itself. You know, orchestrating and building agent operating systems is a skill and probably one of the most powerful skills out there. Joe as well has built out something similar so you can see his setup and he's organized it slightly different. So he actually used our layout as you can see right here. He said, "I hope you don't mind but I use your layout." Which is totally fine. That's that's what it's there for, right? That's why we share this stuff. So you can see my layout over here. But the great thing is you can customize it how you want. So for example, the way that he's used it in setup is that he has systems, agents, projects, analytics, settings and then he's changed it exactly how he wants right here. Um and he's got his memory systems over here as well. So there's many different ways you can organize the actual UI and the setup. And there's no wrong or right answer. This is just a really good way of setting up your systems. I actually think it's really organized. Also like the minimal style that you've applied on the UI so it's easy to navigate to each section and you split it by agents and systems and everything else. So great job, man. Thanks for sharing. You can see for example like Sheena as well is another member. She fully customized hers and you can see for example she's like added her own logo in here, totally changed the name. She's got a command search which is pretty useful because then you can search across all the features. Like for example, we have like a outreach and lead generation system inside ours and a email campaign system. And what would be super useful is it's actually adding a search system. We have a filter here and we can we can like turn things off and switch them back on if that makes sense. So, for example, if I don't want to see the local engine anymore or the agent campaign here, I can click on um complete and I can hide things off the menu as well to make it more minimal. But what would be really good is to add in the search feature as well like you can see right here. And then she set up a a video agent system just like we have here for AI avatar videos too, which is pretty cool. So, you can like basically in one click automate and create amazing videos as you can see with your AI avatar. And it says you just like type in a prompt and the system will research it, create the avatar, edit the video, add the B-roll, do all the research, um and plug it all together like you can see. And it's it's absolutely amazing what you can build with this stuff. The other thing I would say here is like whatever you're working on day-to-day, you know, let's say for example, you're working a lot on SEO, just build out one workflow inside your agent offering system for that and then go one step at a time. Because for example, if you build out that automation this week and then you set up another automation for example for videos next week, then this stuff just improves and it gets more and more powerful and you save yourself time every single week based on what you've actually built. So, another great example of what you can do with these systems. And this is a really good example as well. So, Joe shared his setup where he's done two consecutive days of hands-free automation. So, he said, "This morning I woke up, asked Codex, did Hermes run my content?" And it was a total success, right? So, basically what he's done is he's linked Hermes and Codex and Hermes can do automated tasks like for example SEO for you, which is what he's doing. And then it can run on a schedule, which means for example, you can say to Hermes, "Okay, every day 6:00 a.m., create content to my website." And it will just roll automatically. And so, that's really powerful and uh it's amazing to see like people like Joe building this sort of stuff and getting results for that. So, if you're thinking, "Okay, what can I automate or what's an actual use case?" You can see a fantastic use case right here. Um and he said it's, you know, this is something interesting to know about Asian operating systems. He said it's awesome. Like, literally he wakes up in the morning, everything's ready to set up. It's truly been one of the most rewarding things he's done so far. This is number one inspiring to see, but number two, well done on sharing, and also setting up like such a powerful automation. And this is a really good post by North as well. So, basically North was saying, you know, the people who get the best results with AI aren't the ones who have the best prompts. They're the ones who set up the systems. And that's the way that I look at it as well. It's like, it's not about it's not about prompts. It's not about models. It's not even about Fable 5 or whatever comes out next. What it's really about is having great systems that automate the stuff you do day-to-day. And when you think about things like that, you become an architect and an engineer, not just a prompter. And that's a huge level up. So, this is another question, you know, do you think people beginning their journey into tech should focus on learning how to build AI tools, learning how to sell them, learning one niche deeply, or just posting content and building proof? So, I think for me personally, if you actually want to get clients and results, posting content and documenting what you do with AI is really important because it will help you get more clients and also build your skill set. So, if you're actually building stuff and sharing it publicly, that really showcases your skills and helps you attract more clients. And then, I would say whatever you learn on that journey and whatever you build, which covers part A as well, that will help you to generate more leads. So, I think it's all built into one, which is you build with AI, you showcase what you build with AI, and that helps you get more clients along the way. Another cool case study from Scott. So, Scott basically went from zero to two agents in 60 days without being up to code. I can't code as well. Again, I didn't have experience before I got into this stuff, but we still built amazing systems like this. So, you can see he says, you know, I I've run two Hermes agents, one on desktop, one on VPS. None of this happens without the Agent OS framework Julian built. I didn't just learn how to use Hermes. I learned how to think about architecture, the memory galaxy, the orchestrating passions as well. So, massive unlock. Fantastic to see getting results with this Scott, and well done for just taking action. Sounds like you've leveled up massively. I think this is proof as well that you don't need to be technical to be able to use AI agents. You can build something like this just like I have, and anyone watching this can build this sort of stuff. It's just about learning how to build the systems. And something like this you can learn to build in like, you know, 30 minutes or a day. Like, building the music agent literally took me about 10 to 15 minutes. Building out the video agent took me a couple of hours, right? Um, but either way you can take advantage of all these systems because we've got it ready-made and built inside the Air traffic bottom. This is a great question. So, Nacho was asking about LinkedIn posts. You know, been trying out for days to to try and automate LinkedIn. What's the solution? How can you get it fixed, etc., right? For me personally and for my team, we don't automate the actual posting. So, we can easily automate the content itself. That's no issue, but for the posting, I don't think the platforms actually like it. So, for example, like LinkedIn, I don't think they they like you to do that. And then, number two, it also creates more accountability if you have you or your team post the content yourself, right? Because for example, if you have to click post yourself, then you're accountable to making sure it's actually good. Whereas for example, you have an API that's posting for you, you kind of set it and forget it and you don't quality control anything. So, for me and my team, I always recommend that you can use AI to help you create the post, and that's pretty easy. But, the main point here is you want to post it yourself. And the way that we can quickly like come up with social media content, this is pretty powerful. So, if we have a look at the Hermes Oracle built in the Agent Operating System, we can for example take a look at this post. We can click on draft a post for this. We can open up the original post, as you can see here. And then, we can quote it like so. And now we've got the post being drafted by the Oracle. And we can quote the content itself, right? And so, for example, we take a look at this post. If we want to comment on this, we can draft a post with Hermes Oracle, get the social media post, and quickly post about it, as you can see right here. So, as an example, we can open up, we can quote it, just quality control it before you post it, and then you can use this system, as you can see right here, right? Um and also, if you want to for example create content automatically, then I'd recommend just having a blog, because a blog can easily create content that's personalized to you, has a great system built in. So, for example, as soon as Open AI's jalapeño chip got announced, we created a blog post about it. It's all personalized and tailored to me with my CTAs and everything else. Uh it's indexed across three different websites, and that's much easier to automate. And also, it's actually useful content. So, Donald is asking, "Has anyone moved the contents of one Open Court instance to another instance to keep working without losing anything you've created?" So, there's a couple of options for this. Number one is you can just have the same instance on multiple different platforms. So, for example, if you wanted to access OpenClaw that's set up on your main computer, then you could use Tailscale to connect from another computer. And that way, you can just have access to the same OpenClaw. You don't need to create multiple versions. You can also create a backup of your existing OpenClaw, and then with that backup file, you can restore it on the next VPS you set up OpenClaw with. There's a full guide on how to do this, but basically you would just look at your existing OpenClaw setup, type OpenClaw backup create inside your terminal, and then you can export that and set it up with your next instance if you need duplicate versions. Local people here inside here as well, like people setting up local meetups and things like that. The great thing is that inside the community we have a map, so you can meet people locally who are building near you, and then you can connect with them, organize meetups, that sort of thing. It's It's a great way to connect with new people, and I think a rising tide lifts all boats. So, if we all learn and grow together, we will raise each other up and level each other up, which is the best thing about our community. By the way, the Agent OS does work on Windows as well and on a VPS. So, we've got another question from Jim here, which is, you know, I'm brand new here. I've got two VPS accounts with Super and NA10 and both MCP connected to Cloud CLI for marketing purposes. Blown away with how everything is coming together day to day. And then his question is, why would you need a Mac Mini with OpenClaw and Hermies? And I 100% agree, right? I don't actually think you need a Mac Mini at all with OpenClaw or Hermies. Hermies is so light as a setup, and you can also use the blank slate option if you want it even lighter, which means that you could run it on a mobile device. You could run it on a Raspberry Pi. Like, you don't need a Mac Mini. I think that's just kind of a marketing myth that came out when OpenClaw was trending, but the truth is you don't need a Mac mini. And the other thing to note here is a Mac mini and even a Mac Studio not very good for local models if you actually want to frontier level or decent setup. From everything I've tested, local models on a Mac mini or a Mac Studio not particularly good. And I've got a Mac mini. I have a Mac Studio. So, my point here is like if you just want to use Open Voice Hermes, stick with something super lightweight. Even the Agent Operating System that we have, this system I've run it on like a a MacBook Air, like an old MacBook Air, because it's just like a a super lightweight dashboard, like mission control for all your agents. You don't need anything powerful to run it. It's designed to be lightweight and easy to use. Felix joined the group as well. He's using Claude code, got started about 3 months ago, built some voice agents, WhatsApp, etc. This is pretty cool. One thing that I'd recommend actually is take a look at Hermes Jarvis. So, Hermes Jarvis here, we can voice activate it, we can voice control it. If I say to Hermes Jarvis, open up Google, it'll open up for me and it's voice activated and it has browser use and computer use as well. Plus, you can use the agentic features if we switch that on inside this section. So, you can see here, we can switch between agent and auto inside the Agent Operating System. And basically, this is a real-time voice-activated version of Hermes Agent that's super powerful. So, I'd recommend checking that out. It's a lot of fun to build, even if you build it from scratch or if you use our setup inside the Agent Operating System. That's something that's absolutely blown my mind and it's become like the first time I've truly enjoyed using a voice agent with AI that actually has practical use cases. Wheres is asking about Paperclip. Now, if you're watching this and you're not sure what Paperclip is or what it is, etc. So, this is basically a way of having your AI agents work together in a team as an organization. So, for example, we have a team of agents here. We can see what they've created and built. We can see all of the builds and preview them over here. And then, we can also manage, for example, our custom with a full dashboard. We also have an inbox for my AI agents. Basically, this is an open-source paper click project where we can have teams of agents working together. Now, if we look at where's this question, he said, "How do you configure it?" So, he has his pointing open router, but reading some points at Hermes. And he did a few agents using a different LM provider, but cut it down to API usage. Yeah, so you can actually use Hermes agent with free APIs or an OAuth, like Grok. And then, you can have your agents running for free as a team. You don't need to worry so much about tokens. So, that's a good option. Some free APIs include, for example, our Alpha OAuth. And also, if you use News Portal login with Hermes agent, you can also use Step 3.7 Flash and Neutron 3 Ultra with Hermes agent. So, those are some good options for using Hermes. Hermes has a specific adapter for Paper Click that's open-source, and we've already built it into the agent operating system as well. Sasha was asking like, "Can you plug in Codex and OpenAI for the agent operating system?" And the truth here you absolutely can, right? So, we have a full section for Codex inside the agent operating system, as you can see right here. We're actually segmented it, so you've got chat, and you have goal mode for Codex, and you can also see everything that you've built inside the sessions in the workspace section as well, which is pretty cool. So, you can For me, I personally prefer to use Claude. That's why I talk a lot about Claude with the agent operating system. But, we've built in Codex for everyone who prefers to use Codex. And then, when it comes to using GPT or OpenAI inside the system, you could also plug in GPT 5.5 into Open Claw or Hermes as well as an OAuth provider, which means that if you're already using Codex on subscription, you could plug that into the Hermes section as well. And that way you can use the Codex CLI inside Codex without paying for an API, and you could also use Hermes without paying for an API. And you get two in one if you plug this into the Agent Operating System. But yeah, all the functionality is already there. Shawn said he just joined and he's already started setting up the Agent Operating System, but doesn't have any of the agents installed, like for example, Hermes or Deep Seek. Are there any procedures to follow? So, inside the installation for the Agent OS, which is a zip file that gets updated daily, you basically have everything there that you need to get this set up, and it can set up any of the new agents for you. So, for example, if you don't have Hermes, but you want to plug that into the Agent OS, it's already included in the instructions, so it's pretty easy to do from there. And we have answered every single question inside the community. By the way, if you want to be able to ask me questions like this and I create video tutorials for you, answer your questions, our community helps here as well, and you can just get the whole Agent Operating System from us. You can get that inside the AI Profit Bot, link in the comments description or go to the AI Profit Bot.com. You can see all the cool stuff you get with it. So, you get the memories, you can see right here. You get the Kanban boards, NotebookLM plugged in. We've got all these different tools and workflows that I personally use and build with, and then we also, for example, have like Sakana Fugu built in. We have Fusion built in. We have all sorts of amazing things inside here, man. Now, what I do basically is like I answer these questions personally, and so does the whole community every day. So, the great thing about this is that you can ask questions, and you get help from me plus the whole community. There's always people online, so there's 112 people online right now ready to help you. Inside the classroom, you get access to all of our best trainings. You can go from beginner to expert if you're a complete beginner over here with this course, and then also you can get access to the Agent Operating System, which we update daily. You get the video tutorial, the guide on how to set up, and a zip file for installing it. And also, as we add new features in there, you get access to those, too. Whenever something new or useful drops, we add it as a guide inside the classroom. You can jump on weekly coaching calls, share your screen, ask questions in real time, etc. And inside the map, you can actually meet people locally who are building with AI agents just like you, as well. And that's all available inside the AI Profit Bot. Link in the comments and description, or just go to the aiprofitbot.com. Thanks for watching.
