Today, I'm going to show you my Claude Agent Operating System, which is a operating system I built with Claude step-by-step from scratch. And this basically automates and creates anything that I want. So, what we've got here basically is a system where I've got all of my agents plotted to one single memory. And then from there, they can all build and automate anything they want. So, let me talk you through exactly what we've got here, how the agents work. So, we're on the mission control dashboard. And what we have inside the dashboard is all of our agents connected together. We can see the status of everything. We can see the latency. We can see, you know, which agents are online, which ones are offline, how many tokens we've used, our goals, our journal, our memory, and then also our recent activity list as well, which is super useful. Then we have over here the Paperclip system. Now, Paperclip is an open-source project for managing your AI agents. So, if we go to the organization chart, we have a team of agents working together, and they can build and automate stuff 24/7. So, if we go to the active section, you can see what's been recently built. We can also see how many tokens we've used. We can see our full dashboard. And then we can see any um builds as well. So, all of this stuff has been things that we've created with our AI agents using the system that I'm talking you through today. So, that is part number one. Then we also have uh AI Agent Mastermind. So, basically, we can have our agents talking to each other, and these can be, for example, a group chat. I can ask them anything like, "Give me a great idea for an SEO app." And then we have Claude, Hermes, Gemini, Codex, Open Claude, GLM 5.2, and Free Claude Code all talking together in a group chat, and they can bounce ideas off each other. Once they actually get a good idea together, they can take that idea and plug it into our pipeline. Now, this is our pipeline where we can go from idea to implemented in literally one click. So, if you go to the gallery, you can see everything that we've built with our pipeline of ideas. And this is updated automatically as we add new things in, which is pretty insane in itself. So, for example, this whole website that we created over here was fully automated using the system that I've just shown you. So, so far we have this orchestration system with paperclip, the AI agent group chat, they have the pipeline for ideas, and then we also have a local agent Kanban. This is an offline team of agents, and the reason we have an offline team so we can run local models with this, they can create stuff 24/7. We're in a workspace where everything will be built with them, and then we've got, for example, different agents who can be coordinated. So, if we drop an idea in over here, then we've got the backlog of stuff to create, what's been building, what's in review, and what's actually done. From there, we have Claude. Now, Claude is using the CLI, so you don't need to pay for APIs, you can just plug in your CLI into the agent operating system. We have the workspace of everything that we've built with each of these systems, which is pretty cool. And then also, we have artifacts, and we can actually publish and share any artifacts that we create. And we also have Ultra Code so that we can have full teams of sub-agents working together with Ultra Code, too. And that's all with the Claude section. From here, we have Hermes. Now, inside the Hermes section, we have each of our agents with different agent profiles. And the great thing about this is like, if you only like one element of this, you don't have to implement it all. We actually have a section here where we can hide anything we don't use. So, if I'm like, "Right, I don't use the local agent Kanban section anymore." No problem, we're going to hide it now. Click okay, and that's just hidden, and it doesn't clog up the UI. Right, we can keep it as simple or as complicated as we want to. So, inside the Hermes section, we can have different APIs running. So, for example, I have local agent profiles, we could have, for example, anything new that we set up here. So, for example, this morning, I set up Orpheus, which is a free local model frontier level with Hermes agent, and that is just ready to go whenever you want. If there's a new update from Hermes, for example, like they just released the sidekicks release this week with the the the sidekick agent over here. That's basically plugged into the system, as well. Then we have the talk section, so we can talk to our agent directly. We have Hermes Jarvis, which we can voice command, and we can put it into full-screen wall mode, or we can have that just running here. We can type anything or speak with it in real time. It can answer our questions and then we have the preview over here as well of what we can build. We also have Hermes Oracle. Now, Hermes Oracle basically plugs in the latest news. It's automatically updated using a scheduled task with Hermes and then it basically organizes the latest news in my industry so that we can draft social media content. We can see the actual tweet that it's talking about over here and it pulls in and categorizes each one. So, it categorizes this as trauma, for example, and then it scores it in terms of how important this topic is. The most important stuff is at the top, the least important stuff is at the bottom. And then you can see when it was updated, you can see whether it's trending right now and what's going on, which is pretty cool. Now, over here we can also publish content directly to WordPress. So, if we go to our publish section over here, you can see all of the content, all of the blogs that we've recently published to our website on those trending topics. So, we can easily create SEO content and social media content using this system in like one single click and it's all personalized to me. So, inside the studio we have the image, video, and voice generator. So, pretty standard but we can basically generate videos, voice, and images over here. And then we have our sessions. So, we can see, you know, for example, our skills, our plugins, the Kanban board, everything that's been done recently. We've also created a lead generation section here. So, this is a system where we can do email outreach, we can generate leads with and find leads for any industry that we're in. We can then get a list of leads to contact. It's automatically enriched with AI. We can delete any leads that we don't want to reach out to and then from there we can create a campaign. We can also see what's inside our inbox and what was sent using this email system. It's basically like a full SAS tool that I've created just for Hermes Agent to do email and lead generation. Over here we have our workspace so we can see everything that we've built with all of our recent models, which is pretty cool. So, we can see everything that we've created with each with each of these agents and this is all saved inside a workspace, which is fantastic. We have a MCP section, so if you need to link anything like NA10 to our Hermes agent, we've got MCP over here. And then we have the manage section where we can see our full dashboard with all of our AI agents ready to go, and we can change models or create new profiles or update the skills, whatever you want. And then we have Go mode. So Go mode is long horizon work where you can basically give your agent a task, and then it just goes off and implements it. So some of what you can do for this, again, you can make this as complicated or as non-complicated as you want. Like for some people, they might just use the chat feature. For some people, they might just use the cloud section, right? However you want to use it, it's all there, so you can customize it as much as you want. We also have this memory galaxy, so that every time we use our AI agents, it's automatically plugged into our memory galaxy, and we can see our recent memories that are automatically updated over here. So it's all organized, and our agents have context across this whole system. Then we have, for example, the Kanban board where we can automatically organize and orchestrate teams of agents, teams of Hermes agents working together, and we can see what they've built recently. And also we can quality control their work. And then if we want them to loop around again, we can. We also have a loop engine where we can give a task, a goal to an agent. We can select how many times that's going to loop around, so how many times the agent gets to complete the work before it's completed. And then also we have a judge. And so what the judge will do is quality control the work to make sure it's not, you know, generic fluff. And basically we have one builder model and one judge model. And then the number of rounds they can iterate between each other. So if we type in a goal, for example, I build a habit tracker over here, we can give the builder model a free API. We can give the judge a local model an API or a frontier model as well to judge the work. And if the work goes around one round and it's not good enough, no problem. The judge will give feedback to the builder, and that will just loop round and round until it's actually good. So it loops until the gate passes the work. And that is like an autonomous AI agent engine that can just run round and round to get stuff done. We also have the SEO section, so I can look through my Google Search Console data, find new keywords, generate the content, add in personalized case studies and experiments for me, and then deploy that content to our website, and we can see the history of everything we've created over here. We also have a video agent, so we can type in a prompt here, generate a video on the spot, and actually creates these AI avatar videos, beautifully edited with B-roll in the background, the AI avatar version of me, all the research done, and that's all put together inside one click. If you want to see the previous videos we've created, we can see them over here. So, for example, we have a 5-minute long video we've created using this whole system, and it's super powerful. Additionally, if you ever want to create music, we've got this system here where, you know, for example, like, "Right, I just need some drum and bass to listen to." Or whatever we need to create, we can use Hermes agent with Suno API, and it can create music on the spot, and we can see everything we've created. We can also star music that we like, and it gets saved to our save section. We have a game studio for just generating games on the spot, so we can type in anything that we want to create as a game, and then it will save it to our workspace so we can play it later. Inside this section, we can generate beautiful images and multiple different versions, so we can see which one is the best and just pick the best one. And then we have Notebook LM plugged into our system here, which means that, for example, we can generate free PDFs, free research, we can generate videos, podcasts, etc. on the spot using this whole system. From there, we also have the local agent engine. So, for example, I've just plugged in Ollama, which just dropped today. So, it's a brand new, really powerful model that's on par with like Qwen 3.5, but pretty small and fast. And then we can build stuff out, as you can see, on the spot. Now, when we build things out, this is running locally, so we can open up the preview once it's done, and everything that we create is saved inside our workspace here. So, if you like local models, if you want to run models offline, we've got that section, and we've also got free cloud card ready to go as well. Now, fusion is a way of achieving Fable 5 level intelligence with AI agents, and we've got that set up inside this system. So, if we ever need to create like something super amazing, then we can plug in our prompt, build it out, and then save it to our workspace later. And this is basically like a panel of agents that work together, and then a judge fuses all the answers and gives us the best output based on all the answers from the other models, which is pretty cool. And we have the same thing with Sakana Figu, which is another way of achieving Fable 5 level intelligence, and we can see everything we've created and built previously, which is amazing in itself. From here, we have like Grok Build inside that GLM 5.2 Kimiko. And again, like if you don't use these CLIs, no problem. You can hide them anytime you want. If you want to re-add them, you can just re-add them. So, you can make this as complicated as you need to or as simple as you need to. We also got an option for Codex you can use a subscription. With Codex, we've got chat and goal mode. We've got the sessions and the workspace ready to go over here. Anti-gravity is a free CLI that we can build and automate anything with as well. So, stuff that we've created with anti-gravity, we've got all ready to go over there. And that's basically the whole system broken down for you. Now, you might say, "Okay, why would you use this?" Well, if you were, for example, trying to get Hermes in the terminal or Hermes in the desktop to do this, you just wouldn't have it working on your workflows, and you wouldn't have it as neatly organized as this. So, for example, if I'm like, "Right, okay, I need to create SEO content," I just go to the SEO section, right? If I'm like, "Okay, I need to use Claude," I've got it right there. Whereas, for example, imagine if you had to go to Claude here and then ChatGPT over there, and then you got to open up your terminal with Hermes ready to go. Super messy, time-consuming, they don't link together. And also, even if, for example, you wanted to create a video with Hermes agent, well, it'd be super annoying because you wouldn't be able to see what you previously created. You wouldn't have the workflow ready to go in one single click. And so, this is just much much more faster and efficient. Again, you might say, "Well, I don't use all these CLIs. No problem. You just pick one, right? If you like, okay, I only want Claude and Hermes. No problem. You just go with Claude and Hermes, right? Like you don't need to to use all of it at once. You can just enjoy the fact that you are miles ahead of 99% of people because you've got an amazing system like this. Also, you might say, well, this sounds technical to set up, but actually I can't code. I can't program. And neither can these guys. So, for example, like Rick, he set it up in 30 minutes after joining the AI Profit Boardroom. Uh you can see, for example, Raza is absolutely loving the community, too. Amateo set it up and he's absolutely loving it. And there's loads of people like this. One of the best things about the AI Profit Boardroom is like we're just sharing the dashboards that we've created or tweaked or customized, and then we share what we learn and we all grow together. And I think that's a fantastic way to like filter out all the noise and then just have a a great community of people who's just really focused on growing. So, that's the whole point of this whole system right here. So, if you want to get it, it's all inside the AI Profit Boardroom. You could build it from scratch like me, but I literally spend like 3 or 4 hours tweaking and improving and building this out, making it better and better every single day. So, if you want to skip all that time, then you can go to the classroom here, and then just go to the ancient OS section, and you can get the video tutorial. You can see it was last updated today. You can get the zip file and the full guide on how to set it up. We also add new tutorials daily based on what's actually useful and comes out today. There's always people online, which means you can ask questions anytime you want to get help and support. I personally answer the questions inside the community myself as well and answer them with video tutorials every day. So, the cool thing about that is if you have questions or you get stuck somewhere, you can just reach out and ask me anything that you need to. Inside the classroom, you can ask uh you can get access to all my best trainings. And also inside the calendar, you can jump on four weekly coaching calls where we can set up and wire it together. Right? So, you can jump on these coaching calls, share your screen, ask questions, meet other members, and wire this stuff in live. Inside the map, you can meet people in your local area, and this is a really good way to connect with people locally who are building with AI agents and building amazing agent operating systems, as you can see. And if you want to get this all it's all inside the AI profitable room. Link in the comments description or just go to the AI profitable room.com. Thanks for watching.
