So, today we're going to be answering the latest questions on our agent operating system. This basically how we combine all of our agents together. So, for example, we've got like Hermes and the Hermes Oracle, we've got our lead generation machine over here, we have Claude ready to go, we've got our mission control system, and everything we need to win with AI inside one single place. Even got, for example, a Kanban notebook lamp all synced inside one place. So, today what we're going to be doing is answering some of the latest questions that I've got inside the AI Profit Bottom community because I know if people have questions inside here, you probably have similar questions about agent operating systems, how to build them, etc. So, let's get straight into this and answer some of the latest questions. So, we've got a good post from Andrew and he was saying like, you know, how he's basically set up the agent OS. He was saying, you know, huge thank you to Julian and everyone here. And basically, what he's done is use our agent operating system and then build this himself, but he's also shared like everything he's learned. So, some good tips here. Number one, like keeping multiple projects separately. So, what he actually does is he gives each one of his projects his own little notes and brain and memory so they don't just sort of overlap each other. We do a similar thing where we have multiple different projects, multiple different businesses running inside the memory galaxy. And so, our agents, because it's so well organized and our agents actually update automatically, they can sync between different projects. If we ask them about one thing and then another thing, they know how to tell the difference. So, that's a great way to set up Obsidian. Now, if you don't have Obsidian set up already, but you want a memory galaxy like this, basically, you can see here, for example, we have a knowledge graph and everything is all like sort of segmented into different projects. So, for example, we have people we work with, we have, for example, funnel strategy, everything is a different markdown file, but it's all interlinked inside one knowledge graph, and I've never had to update it personally. My team does that for me. And so, if you're wondering, okay, like how can you manage multiple different projects or different companies inside an operating system like this? Just build out Obsidian and make sure that you have everything separated but organized and tied together. So, for example, one thing you'll see is that for each of our companies, like for example, the AI Profit Boardroom and Goldy Agency, number one, they have links between them. And number two, they're color-coded, right? With bigger modules. So, the good thing about that is that it's easy for our agents to visualize it and see the difference between what are our projects, who we're working with, etc. All right, so for example, people color-coded differently to the way that we color-code our projects. And this way, everything links together, but it's easy for your agents to organize between each other. Also, he talked about multi-agent orchestration, which is something we've set up with Paperclip. So, basically, what you can have here is a team of agents working together. They can orchestrate tasks. You've got one CEO who basically in the org chart will command a team of agents who command their own sub-teams of agents. And so, the beautiful thing about that is it's easy for your agents, for example, if you've got Claude, Hermes plugged into this system, it's easy for your agents to coordinate between each other and make sure that you can get the most out of every agent you have plugged in. We've got another question here from Daniel who's asking about like animation and video agents and how do you get them working together, right? So, one thing that you can do is you can use these open-source projects. Like for example, we have Open Montage here. This can create kind of like films as you can see here. Where you can basically in one single prompt generate short feature film with AI. And the quality of this stuff looks amazing. So, that's one way to do it. Another option is that you can use a video agent, but you tell it the specific style that you want, right? So, if you want, for example, more like a animation-style video or cartoon-style video, then you would tell the video agent, "Okay, this is how I want it to look like. Here are the characters I want to use, etc. And with the video agent, you could use that, too. And also, Sheena's given a really good tutorial here about how to use this, as well, and the models that you can use. So, for example, you can use a combination of clean seed dance 12.7 to generate your agents together. And if you have a single mission control dashboard with each tool having its own tab, like we have with the video and the open montage system here, it's easy to organize and coordinate them together. This is pretty wild. So, Robbie shared uh agent operating system that he's built for lead generation. And this is basically using our agent operating system, but he's made it his own, right? So, if you look at the system, basically what it can do is it can find potential prospects for contracting jobs, and then reach out to those prospects once he's reviewed and approved it, right? So, what it does is it finds the with the project details. Then he approves the details, and then they're ready to send as an hourly system. And so, he's basically got He's called it the deal desk, which is amazing. It's basically a custom-made system inside the agent OS, where you can reach out and apply for jobs directly. So, pretty insane. There was a really good share, as well, by Davide. So, Davide was talking about GLM 5.2, which is pretty much up there when it comes to performing side by side versus Opus 4.8. But, the difference is, of course, the number one is open source, and number two, it is a lot cheaper on the coding plan. You get a lot more tokens. So, if you've seen GLM 5.2, it's a really powerful system. We actually compared it side by side, and it outperforms Opus 4.8 on many of the tasks that we created. I mean, it can create some pretty insane stuff. Like, like check this out. This is a a full open-world game created by GLM 5.2. So, it can create real stuff. It looks absolutely awesome. It's very easy to use. And you can plug it into your agents, which you can't do with Claude. And he's actually talked about how it's now faster if you're using Ollama. So, Ollama has added added more capacity for Golem 5.2 with up to two times faster responses as you can see right here versus other providers. So, if you need a faster way to use Golem 5.2 inside your agent operating system, you can go to Ollama. And it's pretty easy to set up Golem 5.2. Like you just make sure you have Ollama downloaded, which is free, and then you just get the cloud cloud subscription. And you can plug it into Claude code. You can plug it into Hermes agent. And it should be faster according to this. Ollama is actually really good as well for local models. Great place to find local models and test them out. We tested out on Nila recently. Pretty good. Pretty good stuff. Self-improving local model. So, we have a good question here from Remy. Bonjour to Remy. About, you know, does it still make sense to learn and master N8N or focus on the agent OS? Which is the best, especially if you're in an agency? So, if you have a lot of experience with AI and you're comfortable using CLIs or Claude code, etc., then I would recommend just focusing on the agent OS instead of N8N because N8N is great for mastering the foundations and the fundamentals. But, it's a lot easier once you understand those to build out an agent operating system that can basically automate anything in a way where you don't need to understand code and you don't need to configure individual modules, etc. So, for me personally, I don't use N8N that much. I do recommend it for beginners, but if you're beyond that point, just go straight to the agent OS cuz it's a lot more fun and it can automate so much more without having to understand HTTPS or anything like that. Also, something that's really cool that you see with, for example, Tim is that Tim is sharing what he's working on, how he's building stuff, his journey. And that's one of the fantastic things about being in a community like this is you can share your journey, you can share what you're working on, you can look back, but also a lot of people can relate to that cuz we've all been on this journey. Like Open Lauren came out in January, and already we can do so much with it. So, it's great to see this sort of stuff. Also, something that's really smart is basically he can take my tutorials and then he can train his agents. Now, this is something that's possible with the new learn feature from Hermes Agent. So, what you can do with Hermes Agent, and this is pretty amazing, is you can give it a guide. So, you can go to Hermes Agent inside the chat. You can say forward slash learn, give it the guide or details of the tutorial, and it will actually learn it and save it as a skill for future sessions. So, it's a really powerful way to train your agents up on whatever you want them to learn. And that could be a tutorial, it could be a guide, whatever you want. We have a So, it's a forward slash learn command inside Hermes. Now, something else that you can do with Jens was also asking about, you know, for anyone who wants to run Hermes on a VPN, another good option is this one, too. It's open source, pretty easy to set up, etc. You can see an example of how it works right here. And for the Agent OS plus connecting it with a VPS, you can use this system here with a full tutorial on how to use it. So, John set it up with Cloudflare and worked really nicely. You can see he set up his own Agent OS system using a VPS. And that's pretty much it. We've answered every single question inside the AI Profit Bot room. Lots of cool stuff there. We've talked about how to set up a VPS, how to add your own custom automations and setups, how to, for example, create workflows like we talked about with GLM 512 and also the outreach system for landing jobs, which was pretty amazing. And also how to organize your memory galaxy so that you can make it as efficient as possible. So, if you want to be able to ask me questions like this, I do daily video tutorials and personally answer all the questions inside the community and so does the rest of the community, which means we will help and grow together. If you want my full agent operating system and everything else, you can get that inside the AR Profit Boardroom. The goal here is for everyone to learn, grow, and scale with AI automation and really just share our journey. I think it's a fantastic community, lots of cool people sharing awesome stuff as you've seen today. If you're wondering, okay, like is this time-consuming set up? You can see like so many members are using it and installing it and customizing it exactly how they want already. But, I know if I'm non-technical and they're all non-technical, then we can all build, and grow, and create our own custom automations like this together. Now, if you want the Agent OS setup, it's inside the classroom. Just go to the new daily updates and Agent OS system here. And we add new daily tutorials like you see on stuff that's actually useful each day with full video tutorials and step-by-step guides here. Inside the community, you can post any questions. There's always people online 24/7 so you can get help and support whenever you need to. And there's also four weekly coaching calls per week so you can jump on calls, ask questions, share your screen, etc. And inside the map, you can meet people in your local area who are building with AI agents like this, too. Plus, you can direct message me whenever you need help. Thanks for watching. Hope to see you inside there. Link in the comments and description
